feat: implement argument escaping when the `shell` option is set (#44)
npm/promise-spawn: README.md

- `cwd` String, default `process.cwd()`.  Current working directory for
  running the script.  Also the argument to `infer-owner` to determine
  effective uid/gid when run as root on Unix systems.

> - `shell` String to use a specific shell, boolean to indicate if spawn should

Reviewer: What if the boolean is false?

> - `shell` String to use a specific shell, boolean to indicate if spawn should
>   choose a default shell for your platform.  Runs the given command from within
>   a shell by concatenating the command and its escaped arguments and running
>   the result.  This option is _not_ passed through to `child_process.spawn`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `shell` Boolean or String.  If false, no shell is used during spawn.  If true, the system default shell is used.  If a String, that specific shell is used. When a shell is used, the given command runs from within
  that shell by concatenating the command and its escaped arguments and running
  the result.  This option is _not_ passed through to `child_process.spawn`.
```
